Elaborate on the evolution of teaching practices during the program (#50)
UBC-MDS/teaching_responsibility: manuscript/teaching-reproducibility.Rmd

Teaching Tech Together [@wilson_wilson_2018],
and the Instructional Skills Workshop [@day_day_2005].

Our teaching strategies have evolved
over six year's lifespan
of the Master's of Data science program.
We have embraced student feedback on our teaching practices
from mid-course meetings and surveys from student-elected student representatives,
course evaluations,
and alumni surveys.

> An example of a direct improvement in the program
> from the collection and implementation of student feedback
> is labs in the earlier years of the program
> were hard to get started on for students
> because there was a big perceived jump
> from what was learned in lecture
> and what was expected on lab assessments.
> To address this,
> we implemented lecture worksheets with simpler and often autograded questions,
> which led to a notable decrease in this feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of a direct improvement in the program
from the collection and implementation of student feedback
was the addition of lecture worksheets with simpler and often autograded questions.
This was done to address common feedback that we received across the program's curriculum 
that the what was expected on the lab homework assessments were perceived by students 
as too large of a jump in difficulty from what was learned in the lecture.
The change of implementing these lecture worksheets in several of our courses
decreased the feedback we have received about this jump in difficulty in those courses
and thus, we have been incorporating these worksheets 
across more and more courses in the program to continue to address this.
```
